Doc updates for new v1.1.0 image push experience (#3525)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/containers/overview.md

## Using image registries

> You can display the content and push/pull/delete images from [Azure Container Registry](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/container-registry/), [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/), [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/), and more:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can display the content and push/pull/delete images from [Azure Container Registry](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/container-registry/), [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/), [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/), and any other container registry:
```

Author: I hesitate to say "any" because it's far from any. The only other option is Registry V2 compliant registries that accept either password auth, or OAuth that starts with password auth.
